Entra ID admin and DW admin (#7575)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/external-oauth.md

:::important

> - The Entra ID admin, and the data warehouse admin don’t need to be the same person, but we recommend that they collaborate.

Author: ```suggestion
- You’ll need both an Entra ID admin and a data warehouse admin to complete the setup. They don’t need to be the same person, as long as they collaborate, everything should work smoothly.
```

> - You’ll need both an Entra ID admin and a data warehouse admin to complete the setup. They don’t need to be the same person, as long as they collaborate, everything should work smoothly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You need both an Entra ID admin and a data warehouse admin to complete the setup. These roles don’t need to be the same person &mdash; as long as they collaborate, everything should work smoothly.
```

>    - For example, the Entra ID admin can register the application, and configure permissions, and the data warehouse admin can set up roles, grants, and integrations on the warehouse side.

Author: ```suggestion
   - Typically, the Entra ID admin handles app registration and permissions, while the data warehouse admin manages roles, grants, and integrations on the warehouse side.
```
